2. Current Systems

	Currently in circulation in both the Apple App Store and Google Play Store are all-in-one apps that either contain 
	multiple games or tools in one single app. One of the most popular mobile applications of this style is the Appzilla
	series designed by Fossil Software. Currently developing Appzilla 4, Appzilla 2 boasted containing over 120 tools and
	had 2 million downloads (http://download.cnet.com/AppZilla-2-FREE/3000-2094_4-75501551.html). As far as all-in-one 
	game apps go, Nordcurrent Ltd released 101-in-1 Games HD that offers users 109 games in one app and has 13,746
	downloads in the Apple App Store (Apple App Store). These apps may work well, but there are a couple of issues we wish
	to resolve with Procrastination Station. One of the primary problems associated with current all-in-one apps is the 
	amount of storage space they occupy on the users mobile device. For example, Trinity Interactive’s GameBox 1 app 
	(2,813 Apple Downloads) requires 347 MB of space(Apple App Store). Since our database stores all of the games and 
	uploads them to the user’s phone via Internet it will occupy much less storage on the user’s device. Another quality
	of the Procrastination Station that we believe is an improvement is the randomness of game selection. Sometimes the
	most difficult choice is which app to play or download, and our random feature takes all of the decision making out 
	of the process. However, if a user enjoys a particular game, they can save it as a favorite and return to it whenever
	they please. One of the last major upgrades over current systems virtually unlimited number of games offered. If a
	person plays any of the all-in-one apps presently on the market for long enough, they will have played every game 
	offered. On the other hand, our database is constantly being refreshed with new, popular games. The Procrastination
	Station will use less storage, allow for random game play, and be virtually limitless in options, qualities current 
	systems do not offer. 
