3.4.1 Scenario

	A user named Bob downloads the Procrastination Station from the Apple App Store. When he first opens the app, he will
	be asked to sign into his Game Center account and select the game genres he wishes to play. After setting up his user 
	preferences, Bob is taken to the app’s main screen. Bob is new to the app so he simply presses play random game. He is
	then taken to the play game screen where he is presented with his first game. After playing for a couple minutes, he 
	decides he is bored with this game and hits the button to play the next game. Bob quickly realizes that he really 
	enjoys this game and decides to add it to his list of favorite games. Once he had enjoyed the second game for a while, 
	Bob decided to check out more features of the app and went back to the home screen. He clicked on the game type button
	and saw a drop-down list of game types, each having a box he could check or uncheck. Since he recently set his game 
	preferences, he went on to the next button. This was the popular games button, which took Bob to a screen showing him 
	the games that people had selected most often as a favorite in the last 24 hours. After scrolling through the list of 
	games, he hit the play random game button to play a random popular game. This took him back to the game screen, where 
	he began playing another game which he decided to add to his favorites list as well. Bob then decided to return to the 
	home screen to view the last functions of the app. He clicked on the favorite games button, which simply took him to a
	screen showing the two apps he had already selected as favorites. Rather than hit the play random button and play one
	of the games again, he returned to the main screen. Once there, Bob clicked on the settings button. He did not click
	the parental control since he was over 17 years old, but he did check the option that said he would play only when 
	connected to Wi-Fi. Now that he had checked out all of the buttons, Bob decided to close and exit the app. 
